 There are two options to know this game software.
 (1) Download two video files and then play the video.
     "Low Task Uncertainty.mp4"    "High Task Uncertainty.mp4"
     
 If you want to know more about this game, please refer to the following option.  
 
 (2)  Download the compressed executable files and then play. Please read the following instructions.

Before you play:
     1. Download the zip files (Game Demo_High Task Uncertainty.zip and Game Demo_Low Task Uncertainty.zip).
     2. Unzip the compressed file, double click the "Low Task Uncertainty.exe"/"High Task Uncertainty.exe" file.
     3. In the pop-up window, click "Play". 
     4. Then maxmize your playing window (otherwise you may not see the gauge-monitoring task). 


About the Gauge-monitoring task
      1. The green area is the safe area, and the red areas (both upper and lower red areas) are dangerous areas. 
      2. Your task is to correct the pointer (the white bar) when it moves from the safe area to either dangerous area. 
      3. When the pointer moves to the upper red area, you can press "↓" to make it back to the green area.
      4. When the pointer moves to the lower red area, you can press "↑" to make it back to the green area.
      
About the Shooting task
      1. The manual mode and automation mode only work on the Shooting task.
      You can press left "Shift" and letter "o" together to make switch between manual and automation mode.
      The bottom plane is your plane. Your plane never die.
      
      2. When in the manual mode, you can press " → " or "←" to move your plane right or left. 
      Press Space key to shoot enemy hazards. When in the automation mode, you don't need to 
      do anything on the shooting task.
      
      3. The Task Uncertainty only works on the shooting task.
      
      4. No matter which mode you are in (manual/automation), you should always play the gauge-monitoring task. 
      
      
 Developer and Contact information:
      
      Xiaocong (Bruce) Cui, PhD
      Department of Computer Information Systems, Georgia State University
 
      Tel: 404-579-8911
      email: xcui4@gsu.edu
